so some different risks that we take in this field in all kind of approach
it twofold. One is, you know, what risk do we take duty wise and
job wise, and then risk that you might have to take a ZA leader. So
as far as the duty's concerned, you know, working with the E o d community,
um, and conducting mine countermeasures. We're working in
austere environments around the world, operating from small boats in
all varying types of sea state, sometimes with little to no oversight,
with maybe only the protection that we have with us in that small
boat working around explosives or having to find certain minds. You
know, working in a in a minefield or even near a minefield is just
risky and inherent danger. Just that alone, um, you know, also being,
ah, diver, You know, I'm dealing with the risks that you intend you
you feel with diving, whether it's ah, cold water and the different
gas laws and coming up too fast for ascending and those kind of different
things. So a lot of different risk that we deal with as a job
and duty side as a leader, you know, The risks that you're gonna
deal with is far, as you know, people's careers, that you're working
with their personal professional development. Are you steering that
individual in the right way? Are you providing them the right advice?
You know, there's a risk in that because they were gonna be taking
what you say is potential gospel and truth, and you could possibly
be staring them down the wrong path that has the make a wrong decision
and it falls back on you. And so there is that risk that you're
dealing with is you could possibly be jeopardizing other people's careers
or livelihood, for that matter. So those are the things you gotta
considering the risks that I deal with in my job, as well as that
of being a leader.